How dare you go against Grandma Shangguan Linglong
Are you crazy?
If this gets out
The entire wealthy circle will be shaken
How dare you cuckold Guanmin City
You have completely offended the official family, do you know?
Our Shangguan family is going to be hurt by you
What does this have to do with Guan Mingcheng?
I never promised to marry Guan Mingcheng
The day after tomorrow is grandma's birthday party
He was thinking
At the birthday banquet
Announce your marriage to Guan Mingcheng
You've made such a big mess
I see you.
How to explain to grandma when you go back the day after tomorrow?
Night wind, right?
I hope you will be under the pressure of a real wealthy family the day after tomorrow
Don't pee your pants on the spot.
So it is your Shangguan family who broke their trust first
Go back and tell your head
Shangguan Lao state, right?
I will repeat on time at the banquet the day after tomorrow
I hope your Shangguan family will arrive at that time.
Tooth sharp mouth
I see if your mouth can still be so hard the day after tomorrow.
Second Miss Second Miss
Ye Feng, you shouldn't be angry for a while
Now grandma
Insist on letting Shangguan Yu's brother Shangguan Rui have the right to grow up
They have the voice over them
You offended Shangguan Yue
I'm afraid he'll tell grandma about you later
It doesn't matter what he does at the party
I'll take it.
It's all because I implicated Mr. Ye
But I promise you
Even if I'm really scolded, I can still shoot